yeah yeah
yes
thank you
I hope we did it I hope we were able to
end her suffering
I'm sure we did in an effort to save the
people of the city you will broke her
oath and tampered with time this caused
a disturbance in the timeline which led
to the creation of a paradox
and the death of many innocent people I
have to wonder did you will make the
right choice was there even a right
choice to make if she had done nothing
people would have died the city that
you'll so desperately hope to save was
eventually destroyed no matter what her
decision either choice would have
eventually led to the death of the
people of padra I don't have the ability
to see into the future like she does and
I'm thankful for that if we knew the
outcome of all our actions wouldn't we
just give up what would be the point of
trying
but I can't see what's going to happen I
don't have the power to know what
tomorrow may bring and that's why we can
still hope in the leave in the future
you